Hey ladies I'm kind of sick but I'm
actually coming back to you with a
initial review about the Brazilian hair
that I had and like I told you the last
time I work at a beauty supply stores so
like I decided to get the hair because I
always sell it to people and um I'd had
a comment on my last video and she said
after a week or two it started tangling
and started shedding well my thing is
okay you're going to get shedding
especially with hair like it's gonna be
unnatural if the hair doesn't shed
but if okay if it sheds too much like
it's too cheap $9.00 here okay I
understand but the thing is with me I
haven't had that much reading at all
I just took down my hair out of my flexi
rods and so I'm just gonna turn around
to show you how it looks and my hair is
still pretty soft um it does get like a
little bit dry on my tips because like
before I died my tips so I really treat
this hair like you know my natural hair
like as if I would do like two straight
whist I put curling pudding on it but
what I do use like even if my hair does
get a tad bit dryer I use the Brazilian
keratin treatment but this is the
Flatiron spray I don't feel like running
to go get like the rejuvenating spray
and it like it softens up my hair like
to make it feel baby soft and all of
that other good stuff I sound like this
cuz I have a cold but my hair is like
actually lasting really good it's these
crawlers are like everything like when I
took them out I was so freaking heavy I
don't play any flat irons on my hair at
all not even my bags anymore
I use a flexi rod but I curl it under
after I put on this flat iron spray I
curl it under I don't put too much cuz I
don't want to wake up and my hair is
still wet so I just put a little bit and
uh a flat iron my hair at the top or
whatever it looks like it's about I've
got like a couple of different colors in
this hair at this moment but I'm
surprised that I actually got dressed to
go to school I'm really really sick but
I freaking love these curls like they're
hitting it but um I wash my hair the
other day um and I use just rose shampoo
and conditioner but I left the
conditioner in for a minute - you know
for it trying to get a deep condition or
whatever um yeah I just want to show you
okay so don't mind that I really don't
feel like curling that but like I used I
have magenta
um it's like a magenta red pinkish color
on the tips and then like half of my
hair is green like up here because I
like rinse my own hair and the black
with the dark brown is a really dark
brown it's like a green so it kind of
looks you really can't
oh yeah you can so it's green up here so
I'm just colorful at this moment I
really don't care because like I like
hair colors people don't really you know
judge me about it because they probably
like did she really mean that
whatever but all I can say at the end of
this video is that the hair was worth
what I bought um you know I didn't get a
lot of tangling at all I just got you
know some dryness but you know I told
you guys that I used the rejuvenating
spray by um organics the Brazilian
keratin therapy heart because I know
they have like different lines or
whatever but it's not much for me to
complain um I just say like it depends
on how you treat the hair I don't know I
know some people order their hair off
mine so that could be like a difference
in the hair cuz I got my office tour I
felt my hair you know a lot of people
may get just a wrong you know a wrong
pack but I got some good packs so the
hair is holding up well I have no
complaints about it I love how it curls
just without me using heat so I can just
continue use this hair without heat I
put like a little oil and there's a
little bit not too much because I hate
oily hair and that's kind of it so I'm
gonna thank you guys gals for watching
and I hope I can give you some more
information about this hair like more
treatments to do because I see a lot of
people getting this hair and they say
it's terrible
so I'm gonna help you guys out and make
sure that you're so and hopefully that's
what you guys are getting your so in
isn't terrible and that's all I'm here
for is to help you so if you have any
questions or requests for me to do put
it in the comment box below or send me
an inbox
I replied almost everything so thank you
keep fashion weird though fashion blog
is finally
I'm gonna put the link in the
description bar down below okay I'm out
this time purse